There will be a bug where if there is a unit right next to the target unit, the pathfinding will think you can stop at that tile even though it's occupied
	Add a callback for when you find the last tile, to invalidate that path, and make it keep trying.

Need to make sure that the path cost doesn't take into account moving to the final node.



Remove Friendly and Enemy classes. Create a UnitClass

Look into unity compile issue that occur due to unity editor not being recognized.

Allow walking through own units.
	User Movement is straight forward
	AI Movement, is a little harder.

Algorithm Example:
Find the shortest path to the target ignoring friendly units as obstacles
Perform a movement check to see if the unit can move along the path, taking into account the friendly unit possitions at the end point of the path
If unit can move along path, keep checking the path to see if the unit can sanely move all the way to the end.

Figure out if it's possible to chain animation stuff together so that we can see the full picture.
Think the tackle example.
	Tackle Triggered
	Animation starts
	On hitting the enemy, sparks come out.


trigger attack/death complete automatically, so that we don't have to set it for each animation

Add editor menu item for creating a unit game object with the correct scripts attached
Seems like there are game hiccups at certain points. Look into why.


Make the unit follow the specific path, instead of fly like a bird to their destination.


When fighter attacks a unit, they should have a lower zindex

Figure out how to make particle effects appear and disappear

Cleanse old code
	Start position from unit.




Add some simple SFX polish

Fighter setup

Good Maps:
jTEST:
8
7
Diagonal ones

Kev
4


Add test mode:
	Show grid and make tiles for empty tiles.


https://blogs.unity3d.com/2015/06/19/pixel-perfect-2d/


LEARNING:
Learn about particle system from Joe
Read the Unity manual

Dream Land:
Figure out a way for the HP bar game objects to be properly shared between their parents, so that you can easily propogate updates to each.
Consider making sure that the AnimationManager script is always attached to the animation child.




Low Priority:
Add bloop when menu confirms
Setup XBox Controller
Look into proper garbage collection
Look into saving previous menu states when cancelling an action.
